Task 1

Identify the top 10 cars with the highest miles per gallon. Also,
identify the names of the car manufacturers.

Note: You may consider either city mileage or highway mileage.

Task 2

Identify the top 10 cars with the highest miles per gallon based
on displacement. Also, identify the names of their car
manufacturers,

Note: You may consider either city mileage or highway mileage.


Task 3

Identify the top 3 manufacturers with the highest number of
cars of the hatchback body type.


Task 4
Compare the mileages of cars produced by all manufacturers
and perform outlier analysis.
Note: You may consider either city mileage or highway
mileage.


Task 5
Present the relationship between
(a) displacement and mileage

(b) mileage and fuel tank capacity
Note: You may consider either city mileage or highway mileage.

Task 6
Identify a car that would be best for adventurous drives,

Note: Consider the following areas for analysis: car size, engine.
power, safety features like traction control, and ground
clearance. Based on these areas, infer the correct columns
in the data for analysis.

Task 7
A person choosing a car for family usage may consider the
following areas for analysis.
1. Car size
2. Safety features for adults and children
3. Mileage
4. Comfort during long distance travel
5. Built-in entertainment options
Using the columns above, identify a car suitable


Task 8

The car manufacturer decides to launch two types of cars,

1. Compact city car (primarily for city usage)

2. Family car (primarily for long distance travel)

Identify the potential competitor cars for the two types of cars
stated above


Task 9

Identify the outliers from following columns using Histogram

method

1. Displacement(Bin Size=980)

2. City_Mileage(miles/gallon)(Bin Size=0.88)

3. Fuel_Tank_Capacity(Bin Size=3)

Remove the identified outliers from the dataset.


Task 10
Identify the top three car manufacturers with the highest
number of variants in the hatchback category.

Identify the top three manufacturers with the highest number
of variants in the sedan category.

Identify the top three manufacturers with the highest
number of variants in the SUV category.

Task 11

Find the most popular car body type, by count, from the analysis
of Task 2

Car body types can fall under the categories such as SUV, sedan,
and hatchback.


