Task 1

Identify the top two manufacturers who offer the widest range
of cars variants. Use appropriate charts/graphs to present the
output, capturing the number of car variants under each body
type for the two manufacturers identified above.

Task 2
Calculate and compare variations between City_Mileage data
using different measures of dispersion of the following three
manufacturers.

1.Tata
2. Maruti Suzuki
3. Hyundai

Which manufacturer offers the widest variation of
city mileage?

Task 3

a. Display and check how City_Mileage depends on
Fuel_Tank_Capacity using scatter plot along with trend line
and Pearson's product-moment coefficient(R).

b. Display and check how Displacement depends on
Fuel_Tank_Capacity using scatter plot along with
trend line and Pearson's product-moment
coefficient(R).


Understanding the Driving Patterns
Let's narrow down the analysis by observing fuel efficiency to understand driving patterns, which will further help identify opportunities for reducing carbon emissions. This will involve another round of data
pre-processing and performing a few more additional tasks.


Task 4: Data Preprocessing
A) Import the car dataset into Excel.
B) Clean and format the data.
	a) Check for missing values and inconsistencies.
	b) Convert categorical variables to numerical codes
	(e.9., 1. CNG, 2. Petrol for fuel types etc).
	c) Standardize the units.

C) Calculate additional fuel efficiency metrics

	a) Combine city and highway mileage into a weighted average based 		on typical driving patterns

		[Formula Avg. Combined Mileage = (City_Mileage + 			Highway_Mileage)/2]

	b) Calculate distances driven from the data of combined 	city_highway mileage and fuel tank capacity.

	[Formula: Distance = (Fuel Tank Capacity * Avg. Combined Mileage)]


Task 5 — Data Analysis

A) Visualize fuel efficiency distribution: 

Compare fuel efficiency across car makes, models, fuel types, and other
relevant features using a bar chart

B) Analyze driving patterns:

	a) Plot average speeds and distances driven against fuel 	efficiency to identify trends.

	b) Use scatterplots and correlation matrices to explore
	relationships between fuel efficiency and other variables.

C) Identifying Opportunities for Reduced Emissions: 
Group cars by fuel efficiency:

	a) Segment cars into categories like "high efficiency", “moderate 	efficiency,” and "low efficiency."

	b) Analyze the distribution of features within each category.

	c) Identify common characteristics of cars with high fuel 	efficiency.

Task 6

a) Customize and enhance charts/graphs with appropriate story
telling.

b) Integrate necessary and relevant charts/graphs aligned
with business objectives into dashboards to present
the analyses

c) Summarize all interpretations obtained from the 
tasks conducted in Sprints 6 and 7.

d) Prepare a PowerPoint presentation with project 
requirements, findings from the analysis, summary, (Use a maximum of 15 slides).
